me and coming oh hey landlord hi
didn't I have Vic to you last month yeah
but I thought we were just doing like a
skit
no no drew this is you two you wouldn't
put something on YouTube if it didn't
actually happen this is a real life baby
this right here is as real as it gets
okay well bye node right I don't think
you heard me you gotta pay your rent Oh
so what you're saying is I gotta pay
rent yeah I just said that that's all
right
you know why this is the same exact bit
as life cuz I'll just do a brand deal
today's video is sponsored by audible to
get a free audiobook in a 30 day free
trial head to audible.com slash drew
gooden or text drew gooden to 500 500
[Music]
hey little stinkers and welcome back to
the first and only channel on youtube
today we're gonna be looking at some
very interesting family vloggers now as
an adult I really enjoy watching family
vlogs because it reminds me of when I
was a kid and my parents would follow me
around with the camera all day long
until I did something funny so we could
pay our mortgage oh wait no that never
happened because I didn't grow up in
2018 the worst year to be a kid I think
the problem that tends to arise from
these family blogs is the same that
arises from every vlogger it's that the
line between real life and content gets
blurred a little bit and you start doing
things that maybe you shouldn't do
because more people will see it and
you'll make more money let's take this
channel I found David's TV for example
they're a vlogging channel with a little
bit over 800,000 subscribers since
people like this do rely on YouTube for
their full-time income
views become so important views are come
before anything else you know why would
you bother making a video called twins
telepathy challenge that only get 16
thousand views when you could combine
fortnight with the phrase mom freaks out
and make like 5 grand in Adsense but
this video is called kid spends $200 on
fortnight
and buys 27,000 plus v bucks and mom
freaks out
must watch now I don't know about you
guys but I always do it I'm told so if
someone tells me in the title of a video
that I must watch it well I'm I'm gonna
watch the video it's just how daddy
raised me I will say though that the
little kid the younger kid is the cutest
kid I've ever seen he has a couple
savage moments in this video he's kind
of a little snitch but it's funny when
he does it look my dad's 20 card number
is already in here place order no this
means let's go spend away wow this is
for okay so putting aside the fact that
this is obviously fake let's pretend
that it's not fake and like go let's go
through the thought process of these
kids I'm not blaming the kids for this
because this was not their idea but
let's say this was their idea right
they're gonna steal money from their
parents to buy fortnight you know
currency so why would they film it it
just seems kind of silly when you're
trying to do something secretly and keep
it a secret to like document it but to
be fair even though I assume it's fake
it's still hard to tell because their
acting is so good you have to get bit
you have to use this he's just read
what's on the card you got the fortnight
old leash I don't even blame the kids
for being bad actors you know why cuz
they're kids they don't need to be good
actors this is Jed they shouldn't be
acting at all it's just like so
painfully obvious that you know they the
the mom tells them what to say and then
they say it and they kind of look up
like alright
for my next line mom and then like she
gives him both the line and you can see
the one kid says his and then he looks
at the other kid because he knows the
kid now has to say his line I don't know
who they're fooling ok so then their
plan was to go buy some fortnight
dollars on that on the dad's computer it
will make him feel better but this way
hope you an are side finding it's mom
she finds out oh there might have been a
flaw in their plan because when they
play fortnight with the dad the dad has
all the B bucks on his account and he's
got the new the thing that they got so
he recognizes right away that they spent
money did you guys buy the bucks I said
you could buy B box member did you know
anybody B bucks yeah kids so cute he
can't even bring himself to lie you feel
guilty no I don't feel guilty because I
didn't do it you set $200 oh my god aah
oh my gosh oh my god
way to sell it dad she's gonna find out
guys his guess what we hit Texas is on
credit card a time money spent over $10
one of my favorite twists in this video
is what happens here seamlessly after
the dad just discovered that they stole
$200 from him first of all he like
laughs it off like well that's fine cuz
I wanted to I wanted the skins anyway so
I'm glad you stole money for me but I'm
not complaining except one skin bad
hear that kids watching I'm not even
upset that my children stole money from
me so if you stole money from your
parents they might not be upset because
look I'm not but then like immediately
after with no cuts
he just transitions into having this
like whole speech prepared just so we
can make this right we're gonna give
away a hundred dollars worth of D bucks
to you give a thumbs up on this video
subscribe hit the bell icon and leave us
a comment you guys see cuts are good you
know you think our fans are like that
[Music]
alright so the kids are really bad
actors the dad's a really bad actor
there's no way the mom is also a really
bad actor right just based on like
general probabilities from American
Express Brendon We Need to Talk this is
serious
large purchase on American Express look
at I just notices the text right before
that says welcome to account alerts like
if you weren't convinced this was fake
already they made it clear that for this
video they signup for account alerts
that they weren't getting before unless
this is the first time they've ever
spent more than $10 on their credit card
[Music]
the kid oh that face he wants to help
and he but he's not sure if he's helping
no was it I love that kid so much know
how we can tell okay
another slip-up here is pretty obvious
to me at this point that the mom was the
one who was filming earlier because she
says like well I'm taking the boy's head
we're going shopping and then the one
kid reminds her but mom you just were
shopping remember
and she's like oh yeah she literally
slaps her forehead as she remembers that
she was supposed to just be shopping
okay and then the dad goes into his
whole spiel about like alright guys
we'll remember we're giving you $100
$100 giveaway ten $10 gift cards and
then she even though she wasn't here
earlier for this conversation she was
out shopping right she's like that's
right guys I knew about this such a
disaster totally fake but again I don't
I don't care that it's fake you
everything on YouTube is fake it's it's
less about like the fact that it is
faked and more about like what they're
promoting because then at the end of the
video the dad says this all right guys
leave a comment if you've ever charged
under your parent's credit card without
them knowing and she agrees yeah hey
what about maybe not saying that what
about you don't encourage the children
who watch your videos to do what your
kids did even though you've already sort
of encouraged it by being so nonchalant
about it like the mom comes in and
freaks out sure but the dad initially
the initial reaction was like oh you
stole my money but you gave some of it
back to me that's fine you might be
thinking like well this is so fake it's
so obviously fake that they're not like
anyone can watch this and discern for
themselves if this isn't real and that
they shouldn't do this but that's we're
adults we're adults talking about this
right like the the adults don't watch
this why would an adult watch this I
know for a fact that exclusively
children watch your videos because
adults don't talk like this
I spent $10 on my mom's credit card I
did it 15 times without my parents
knowing me I spent $700 and got grounded
for a year sorry Vincent
punishment fits the crime I did and I
spent about three thousand four hundred
and fifty-two dollars and my dad almost
killed me with a knife and luckily I ran
away I spent two hundred and eighty
dollars on my mom's credit card they
still don't know I deleted the messages
that's we're not celebrating this there
that's something to celebrate that's not
good
I did it on min Kraft and my mom almost
killed me and my dad slapped me in the
face I did span to me mom's credit cord
without knowing finally a good role
model here I never spent my mom's credit
card because that was stupid
you need to blame it on your kids man
you should not stick up for them they
need to get in trouble and they need to
face the consequence whenever their mom
gets mad that's it that's it man can I
get I really want the battle pass my
parents can't award this because they
are greedy please donate me thanks for
the attention my parents won't give me
money to buy fake clothes cuz they're
selfish but thanks for listening to me
can you please give me a card I have 0v
buck everybody makes fun of me I like
trains this is your audience this is who
watches your videos do not make what is
essentially a tutorial on how to steal
money from your parents and then as the
parent pretend it's totally cool I know
that kids already do stuff like this I
know that kids steal their parents
credit cards all the time and they buy
absolutely pointless garbage and I don't
entirely blame the kids in that
situation like they should know right
from wrong obviously you should know not
to do that I don't think they fully
grasp what they're doing because it's
absolutely impossible to conceptualize
the value of money as a child like an
example for me when I was like eight
years old my family and I used to watch
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire a lot and
I remember watching this show and I
always thought man if they're giving
away a million dollars it must not be
that much money and so I very casually
asked my mom hey mom we have a million
dollars right and she's like no no and
that shook me to my core I could not
fathom the idea of us not having a
million dollars or based on the way she
answered the question apparently not
even close to a million dollars I truly
believe that it is impossible to
understand the value of money and like
how much work it takes to get a certain
amount of money until you get a crappy
part-time job dealing with angry guests
who take everything out on you
incompetent managers you got a mop
you've never had a mop in your life now
you're mopping all the
and you feel tired and sweaty constantly
and then you get your paycheck and it's
like 11 dollars and you're like oh life
is hard but when you're a kid you don't
have that perspective yet yes you should
know not to steal from your parents but
you like a credit card just seems like
an infinite money device like as a kid
it's just like I typed these numbers in
and I get whatever I want and it doesn't
affect my parents because I don't know
anything about anything but as an adult
you should know this I don't think this
is a good look when you're kind of
you're showing how exciting and
consequence lists stealing money from
your parents is because they don't show
like a kid watching this is gonna is
just gonna assume that what happened to
them will happen to him
so oh if they barely got any trouble
they kind of laughed it off at the end
and the mom came home and was mad for
like 30 seconds and then she seemed
confused like she didn't know why they
were still filming she didn't seem that
upset my mom will probably react the
same way and then they get chased at
with a knife by their dad all right guys
I know this video has been pretty long
already but the family just uploaded the
sequel to this vlog so I can't post my
video without talking about this first
but I'll try to make it quick so this
time the kids are angry at the mom for
grounding them and apparently throwing
away their ps4 so they put their little
heads together and concocted this plan
to get their revenge basically they're
going to not only steal their mom's
credit card but actually show it in the
vlog so all the viewers at home can also
use the credit card I'm just gonna boil
this video down to the three great
moments that stuck out to me and I will
share those with you now the first is
when the kids are allegedly using the
mom's card without the parents knowing
the mom is outside and the dad is in the
other room for a split second while
they're making a purchase
you can see the reflection of the dead
holding the camera in the TV and then
like 30 seconds later he comes out
dumbfounded like what's going on the
second great moment is when the parents
come in and they realize what the kids
are doing and so they start to lay down
the law you know but there's a point
where the mom who sounds
absolutely flabbergasted at the idea but
she asks how did you get the ps4 how did
you get your places but as if it was
like in a locked safe that they buried
underground in some remote location it
was at the top of the garbage can right
outside their house but the best part of
this video is at the very end when the
mom starts freaking out because she's
getting these rapid charges on her
credit card text after text from
American Express about all the people
using her credit card she also gets like
a frantic call from American Express
which she answers and then the video
just kind of ends but hold on let's
rewind for a second here the conceit of
this the the what we are supposed to
believe as the viewer is that because
earlier in the video the kid showed her
card not in a different video earlier in
this video that they hadn't posted yet
because he showed the card earlier by
the end of the video people have already
started using her card how stupid do you
think the people who watch your videos
are you know what I take that back
and now a word from our sponsor has this
ever happened to you man this book
doesn't make any sound
leave this scenario in the past by
signing up for audible Thanks audible
audible has an unmatched selection of
audiobooks that you can listen to
virtually anywhere on just about any
device never again will you have to try
to read while driving audible gives you
control over the speed if you're trying
to get through a book quickly you get
free exchanges and the books are yours
to keep even if you cancel your
membership best part is it doesn't even
matter anymore than I never learned how
to read maybe you're looking to reread
the Harry Potter series but you're an
adult who doesn't have time to sit down
and read a hundred thousand pages of
text so pop these in your earbuds and
listen to them while you're commuting or
grocery shopping that's what I did also
it helps cuz of the whole not know
how to read bang you get a free
audiobook with a 30-day free trial go to
audible.com slash drew gooden or Tex
drew gooden to 500 500 thank you so much
to audible for sponsoring today's video
and helping me pay my rent this month
which I should probably go do because I
think my landlord still waiting hi hi
I'm back great do you have the money I
do in fact it's right here in this
envelope oh no one of these envelopes
has my rent in it and the other is
filled with combustive gas it will
explode if I so much as touch it but
which is which I really got to learn how
to read no time for that now though just
after yes your neighbor's apartment just
exploded weird well here you go thanks I